# Automated Tests Framework
API and UI automated tests

## Test Cases
App used for examples: https://github.com/toggle-org/sdet-challenge

## Environment

## Technologies
- .NET 5.0
- NUnit 3
- Selenium WebDriver
- [FluentAssertions](https://fluentassertions.com/)
- EntityFrameworkCore
- log4net
- AutoMapper

## How To Run Tests
### Locally
### Remotely

## Framework Description and Features
- The solution contains 8 projects:
    - `Actions`: contains combined common actions for UI, API and DB for reducing code duplication and easiest test development.
    - `API.Interactions`: contains classes and methods for work with API.
	- `API.Tests`: contains API tests, test data files, constants and specific settings for API tests.
	- `DB.Interactions`: contains context classes for DBs and client classes for work with SQL DBs.
	- `Entites`: contains models for API, DB and UI interactions, enums, mappers, constants and some test data generation classes.
	- `Infrastructure`: contains logger, general extensions and utilities and common configurations (models and settings).
	- `UI.Interactions`: contains classes and methods for work with browser driver, pages and page elements. Also contains waiting methods.
	- `UI.Tests`: contains UI tests and specific settings for the UI tests.
- All configurations are in the `Infrastructure\appsettings.json` file. Specific confidurations for UI and API tests can be found in `API.Tests\appsettings.API.json` and `UI.Tests\appsettings.UI.json`.
- All the test data are generated by the test code.
- Parallel test execution is enabled on the test class level. Threads number can be updated in `API.Tests\Properties\AssemblyInfo.cs` and `UI.Tests\Properties\AssemblyInfo.cs` (`LevelOfParallelism`).
- API calls are performed with [RestSharp](https://restsharp.dev/): REST API client library for .NET.
- [CsvHelper](https://joshclose.github.io/CsvHelper/) is used for reading and parsing CSV files.
- All checks and asserts are performed with help of the [Fluent Assertions](https://fluentassertions.com/).
- Entity Framework is used to work with SQL DBs.
- Logging is performed during the test run. During the local run, `LogFile.log` can be found in `\<TestsProject>\bin\Debug\net5.0\LogFile.log`. In Azure Devops pipeline logs are attached automatically to the failed tests and can be found in the 'Attachments' section for the failed test.
- Headless mode is available for UI tests (that means that browser is not opening and you cannot see how test is running). It can be switched off for local test development in `Infrastructure\appsettings.json` in `Browser` section (set `false` for `Headless`). 

## Test Example and Description
```
```
### Explanation